How is Oda?
sir
I really didn't betray you.
I was wronged, I know.
You can take care of your body first
sir
You really don't blame me.
The commander is here
Got it, Oda.
I'll take you somewhere
You'll know what's going on.
Get me out of here
It's not easy to leave now.
Unless you let me
When are you still thinking about this?
And the young master knows if you still want to live
Ok follow up
Stop
Sir, it's none of my business.
Where did you get so much gold?
Xiaoping, grandpa and I are sorry for you.
Why did you betray us?
Sir, I am also a child of last resort
Master, he threatened me
For the sake of the past
Please spare my life.
You let Li Jiahao go
I already gave you a chance.
But you poisoned and framed my brother
I can't spare you
Sir, I was wrong.
I really know I was wrong.
You spare my life
I'd do anything.
Well, you can help me with one thing.
Give this thing to Zhang Deshuai
If done well
I will spare your life.
Don't worry, sir
I will definitely do this